## Why are we doing this?
# We are deploying an application using multiple components such as 
Docker/Docker-compose, Ansible, Jenkins, Nexus and SAST Testing. Together with all these components a central web application needed to be deployed with 4 different python services. We have used all these different techniques during our time in the academy and this project will bring it all together. 

## How I expected the challenge to go?
# I expected the challenge to be engaging and tough, to which it was, I thoroughly enjoyed the tasks at hand. It enabled me to go over certain content which I have go through quickly but now I understand it better. In addition, it made me realise about construction of the application using multiple components as there are multiple ways to reach the end result. 

## What went well?
# I think we have been given adequate time to complete this project whilst having other circumstances going on. The planning of the project went well and the basic foundation of the commands were really to call upon. The use of the tutorial videos came in handy for certain parts of the project. And the overall deployment of the services was a joy to behold through the Jenkins pipeline. 

## What didn’t go as planned?
# One of the main issues that was a constant problem was the virtual machine resetting and crashing. The first instance of this made me realise that I needed a backup data where I can quickly remember what needs to be installed so I have less build failures in my Jenkins and reduced time being wasted searching for install commands. Therefore, I created a pre-requisites checklist so that I had all the requirements I need to continue the project and not always start from scratch. I also saved all my work to GitHub constantly. Besides that, I had some difficulty working with SAST testing as I had to make a choice whether to run it via a container or use the Jenkins that was already installed via the script. I chose the option not to use a container but that led to me dig further into the details of docker as the SonarQube required a network to connect to the Jenkin server, so I learnt a new command and implement that. Throughout the project there were certain areas that were beyond the scope that was taught in the academy such as running 4 containers whilst using a Dockerfile and running it on docker-compose. This took some time to research and digest. The Dockerfile was one of the hardest tasks but I came overcame this challenge by using both the QA material and Google which was beneficial to my understanding of how Dockerfile works and the uniqueness of its automation. 

## Possible improvements for future challenges
# I think project has put in me in great stead in how I can use multiple components together and the way it can compliment each other in order for it to run an multiple applications. In the beginning I tried to use Jenkins Pipeline and run everything which wasn’t the best idea. This made me think about the construction of the components which then I started to work on smaller components and running each command in the terminal to see if it was work before using Jenkins. I think this was a great turn around and found more confidence in my work as applications were running at a smaller scale which was a positive sign. This is something I will take on in the future. 
